---
inFeed: true
author: []
dateModified: '2016-12-27T02:45:13.552Z'
via: {}
title: EPAS info
publisher: {}
description: for more detailed and General info
sourcePath: _posts/2016-10-22-epas.md
datePublished: '2016-12-27T02:48:11.155Z'
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2016-12-27T02:48:11.155Z'
_type: Blurb

---
# EPAS info

for more detailed and General info

epasound.org (click here for link)

What is EPAS?

EPAS is a one-year intensive course in the creative potential of sound both of itself and as part of a multi media practice. The innovative curriculum emphasises the development of creative practice alongside technical craft and embraces research as essential in supporting self and creative development. EPAS is the shortened version of a planned but postponed two-year MA in Sound, with a certificate as outcome.

The partners of EPAS Consortium are KASK, School of Arts Gent, HoGent, Belgium; Netherlands Film Academy, The Netherlands; and ifs Internationale Filmschule Köln, Germany; The School of Sound, UK; ENSATT, France; Le Fresnoy -- Studio national des arts contemporains (Torching), France; Edinburgh College of Art, University of Edinburgh, UK; Festival International du Film d'Aubagne, France and Film Fest Gent, Belgium are associated partners of the EPAS consortium. The consortium can invite other associated partners in order to optimize the education.

### **Who is it for?**

Our target group is artists, creators and professional practitioners who want to develop their knowledge and skills in sound within an audio-visual context. We will welcome applications from anyone who has a bachelor degree and already uses sound or is interested in exploring the field of sound to incorporate into their artistic practice.

Students will be selected first and foremost on their creative abilities, coupled with a passion for their chosen medium. As the course is student-centered we look for a diverse group of students who can learn together and inspire one another.The strength of EPAS is that students can access the expertise of different institutes and artists to exchange ideas. Students will have the possibility to develop their own projects within an environment conform to their project. Even though the course will be taught in English, the variety of European philosophic and artistic traditions is at the heart of this course.